we gotta be low-key about this so we got
a mic miked up here the going down to my
pocket conceal that let's go get a
job me huh
okay so uh well Joe all right guys
today is a special day because we're
gonna go to a career fair at chinois
University and try to find a job I'm
here joined by my chief financial
officer Angela and behind the camera is
my man Gia
Hey look at him so spiffy
it's definitely gonna finesse the job
over here big things coming big things
coming guys
so you know what they say right when you
go in you gotta exude confidence and
pride and show that you're successful so
they want to hire you
that's why I'm rolling in my fat whip
today all right hop on let's go right on
the way there I might do a couple shout
out to all you loyal grateful faithful
people out there first one Marissa and
Dana you guys are there like first
second really love you I appreciate that
thank you and your paw Jo Korean dude
you keep me motivated bro I love you
keep grinding let's make it and die yeah
let's get hired here we go the school of
economics and management all right
there's actually interviews with
oh there's Ernest annyeong both why do I
like that okay so all those jobs were
actually really big companies will come
down here and have a chat with one of
them but right now we're gonna explore
the fourth floor which is more company
this is the second floor that's I think
basic math is a requirement for one of
these jobs essential
good job what are you doing here my last
position did you get hired no not yet
did you get an interview yeah interview
me
you are hired Thank You Angie
see how give me a job please I need one
my voice villager
why should I work for you I mean a lot
of companies that it'll hire like people
with without a Chinese citizenship so
you gotta pay attention to that and ask
them before sending in your applications
all right so upstairs was all investment
companies but I'm more interested in the
marketing side so I'm gonna come down
here and try to talk to IBM okay can you
see me
I got a tie clip right here we got a mic
let's go get a job Neha
Kazama
[Music]
yeah well joke we'll have fun
just all each other IBM campus Tsushima
[Music]
yo yo yo yo many many banjos child penis
suit all been pensioner my charger now
who goes to exchange student on them
okay
human even in future it's awesome
requirements okay
relax
yeah
[Music]
all right all right let's get over here
I don't want them to like here so
basically it wasn't an interview it was
more so like an info session where you
can ask them about why it's like add the
job and what they're looking for from
you
right now they're looking for somewhere
interests and then they said after the
summer internship a lot of people get
hired for straight up full-time
positions if you come here and you stay
for the summer you actually have a
pretty good chance of finding a job
right afterwards website over here I'll
show you guys later
we'll talk to you another one and see
how that goes hopefully we'll find a job
today okay ABC all you did
I'm from UBC really yeah how would you
be seated
yeah I love it it's like um the campus
is really the toilet fly physics place
Chris yeah my future goodbye speech
apply there it was a bit expensive yeah
yeah it's pretty expensive compared to
here so my boy here Henry that I just
met he found two internships already one
a shammy and one a DD which is the uber
of China okay just tell us like how you
got this it was like pretty random I
went to Chingo a carry fair yeah and a
judge took with the HR but I sure that
was pretty much ready to add them when
we chats okay send mini text saying oh
I'm interested by that position when can
we where can we meet
and then she called me and interviews in
the last two days finish it a bit but uh
I think workouts way so you messer sure
directly on week
I just add on WeChat and texture saying
oh thanks for our meeting today it was
great to meet you really think I could
be grateful for accompanies this what I
can bring you
she's just say oh there's an opening
position the interview went well and Wow
so was like when you talked or did she
remember who you were when you message
her yeah she did and this one was the DD
one that was a show me one okay how did
you get the DD one I just did the same
thing with the guy the HR guy you know
like there are different opening
positions but if instead of taking the
most common one which is like this
premium I just say customer service okay
to go there and during the interview say
I would be more interested by business
premium oh you got in the line you got
in front like by saying you want that
like lower position right not a lower
position but different which is less
attractive that's awesome yeah okay so
maybe we'll just add them on WeChat and
we'll find a job here okay you got a
spot over there bro Simon Kutcher
partners strategy and marketing
consultants right up my alley
relax a little bit
hello yeah
[Music]
okay what should you be seen like I'll
show you we see the Challenger
synthesizer in shell tranya
we can encounter what hey what evolution
seeing where without YouTube simulations
as I go you got a YouTube channel our
culture anyway which are the worst
rating shall we go - animation it just
kind of shut up Kukoc fan so what's her
should what she shown you make sure that
don't you - what so check in the vienna
so we were going over my resume right i
was talking about my digital marketing
experience after they listen to it what
they said was you actually would fit
better in the marketing department
rather than the consulting department
and they gave me two cards they don't
hand this out freely be handed these to
me privately they said if you email me
your resume I'll forward it to the
marketing department and maybe we can
start a conversation from there so I
think that was a good interview I saw
her smile maybe we'll find a job for the
summer who knows but I want to thank you
for watching thank you Jade behind the
camera our chief creative director thank
you for filming and over there we got
the chief financial officer and my boy
Jia HR he manages the crew here so
subscribe and drop a comment saying
what's your dream job oh oh that's a
good question
and how are you gonna achieve it and how
are you gonna achieve it look at that
she's thinking ahead you know you got a
plan three-step dream job three steps
comment below subscribe and big things
ahead and big things coming let's
finesse this
[Music]
[Applause]